# Kampung-Course
What you have read so far is just an introduction into the complex concept that is the ESTJ personality type. You may have muttered to yourself, "wow, this is so accurate it’s a little creepy" or "finally, someone understands me!" You may have even asked "how do they know more about me than the people I’m closest to?"  This is not a trick. You felt understood because you were. We’ve studied how ESTJs think and what they need to reach their full potential. And no, we did not spy on you – many of the challenges you’ve faced and will face in the future have been overcome by other ESTJs. You simply need to learn how they succeeded.  But in order to do that, you need to have a plan, a personal roadmap. The best car in the world will not take you to the right place if you do not know where you want to go. We have told you how ESTJs tend to behave in certain circumstances and what their key strengths and weaknesses are. Now we need to go much deeper into your personality type and answer "why?", "how?" and "what if?"  This knowledge is only the beginning of a lifelong journey. Are you ready to learn why ESTJs act in the way they do? What motivates and inspires you? What you are afraid of and what you secretly dream about? How you can unlock your true, exceptional potential?  Our premium profiles provide a roadmap towards a happier, more successful, and more versatile YOU! They are not for everyone though – you need to be willing and able to challenge yourself, to go beyond the obvious, to imagine and follow your own path instead of just going with the flow. If you want to take the reins into your own hands, we are here to help you.
